Templates revamp (#110)
flox/floxpkgs: templates/_init/README.md

> # Welcome to Flox!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Welcome to flox!
```

Our mission is to provide **seamless, reliable and delightful** workflows built

> on top and around [Nix][nix]. This will allow your coworkers to experience the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on top and around [Nix][nix]. This will allow your co-workers to experience the
```
